Docs: Mention packaging commands in CodeQL extension (#7661)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-for-visual-studio-code/working-with-codeql-packs-in-visual-studio-code.rst

------------------
CodeQL packs are used to create, share, depend on, and run CodeQL queries and libraries. You can publish your own CodeQL packs and download packs created by others. For more information, see ":ref:`About CodeQL packs <about-codeql-packs>`."

> Installing dependencies for CodeQL packs in Visual Studio Code

Reviewer: I wonder whether this should be more task focused, maybe:

```suggestion
Using standard CodeQL packs in Visual Studio Code
```

--------------------------------------------------------------

> To install dependencies for a CodeQL pack in your Visual Studio Code workspace, run the **CodeQL: Install Pack Dependencies** command from the Command Palette and select the packs you want to install dependencies for.

Reviewer: In the demo gif, this is called **CodeQL: Install Packs** - I assume that the name changed since you recorded that?

Author: Yes. sorry about that - the GIF is slightly outdated! We decided to change the command name to be more explicit 😺

> In particular, installing pack dependencies lets you write and run query packs that depend on the CodeQL standard libraries, without needing to check out the standard libraries in your workspace.

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to put the explanation ahead of the procedure. If you agree, then the text would need a tweak - maybe:

```suggestion
You can write and run query packs that depend on the CodeQL standard libraries, without needing to check out the standard libraries in your workspace. Instead, you can install the only the dependencies required by the query packs you want to use.
```

-----------------------------------------------------------------
To download a CodeQL pack that someone else has created, run the **CodeQL: Download Packs** command from the Command Palette.

Whether you have downloaded a CodeQL pack or created your own, you can open the ``qlpack.yml`` file in the root of a CodeQL pack directory in Visual Studio Code and view the dependencies section to see what libraries the pack depends on.

If you want to understand a query in a CodeQL pack better, you can open the query file and view the code, using the IntelliSense code editing features of Visual Studio Code. For example, if you hover over an element from a library depended on by the pack, Visual Studio Code will resolve it so you can see documentation about the element. 

To view the full definition of an element of a query, you can right-click and choose **Go to Definition**. If the library pack is present within the same Visual Studio Code workspace, this will take you to the definition within the workspace. Otherwise it will take you to the definition within your package cache, the shared location where downloaded dependencies are stored, which is in your home directory by default.

> Installing dependencies for CodeQL packs in Visual Studio Code

Reviewer 2: I suggest putting this first; it's more important at the moment.

--------------------------------------------------------------

> To  install dependencies for a CodeQL pack in your Visual Studio Code workspace, run the **CodeQL: Install Pack Dependencies** command from the Command Palette and select the packs you want to install dependencies for.

Reviewer 2: In particular, this allows the user to write and run query packs that depend on the CodeQL standard libraries, without needing the standard libraries checked out as part of the workspace. I think we should briefly mention that example.

Author: Thanks, that's a useful example! Updated ⚡

Viewing CodeQL packs and their dependencies in Visual Studio Code
-----------------------------------------------------------------

> To download a CodeQL pack that someone else has created, run the **CodeQL: Download Packs** command from the Command Palette.

Reviewer: Having watched the gif (thanks), I wonder if we need to mention that you'll need to enter the full pack name and give an example. This may be obvious to the user but I wanted to check.

Reviewer: Also - potentially, this deserves its own heading, even though it will be a very short section, to make it easier for users to find when they scan this article.

Author: Thanks! I've added a bit of clarification and an example in https://github.com/github/codeql/pull/7661/commits/1462565810a1d63d84b2d6fec1aea443fab138a8 ⚡ 

Haven't added a new heading just yet, since we don't expect too many users to use this command at the moment. Once we've added a way to directly run queries from a downloaded pack, we can make this more discoverable! (Currently, they'd have to find the queries in their package cache, which isn't ideal...)
